Update new-teams-known-issues.md (#10578)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/new-teams-known-issues.md

- Detecting multiple languages for spellchecker isn't currently available. 
- Scheduling a Teams Live Event will redirect to the classic Teams web experience currently.
- Producing a Teams Live Event is not currently available; you will need to switch back to classic Teams.

> - Setting up the Home Page in a newly created Class team in Microsoft Teams for Education currently doesn't work on desktop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Setting up the Home Page in a newly created Class team in Microsoft Teams for Education isn't currently available on desktop.
```
